docs: describe MBR and hybrid schemas (#359)
canonical/imagecraft: docs/reference/imagecraft-yaml.rst

Author: https://canonical-ubuntu-documentation-library--359.com.readthedocs.build/imagecraft/359/reference/imagecraft-yaml/#volumes.%3Cvolume-name%3E.schema

.. meta::

>     :description: Reference for the imagecraft.yaml configuration file, covering syntax, keys, schemas, and examples for bootable disk images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: Reference for the Imagecraft project file, with descriptions and examples of each of its keys.
```
> imagecraft.yaml file

The file name will be the first thing users see in the search result. I think this is a good chance to draw an early connection between "imagecraft.yaml" and "project file".

.. kitbash-field:: GPTVolume volume_schema
    :prepend-name: volumes.<volume-name>
    :override-type: Literal['gpt', 'mbr', 'mbr,gpt']
    :override-description:
    :skip-examples:

    The partitioning schema of the image.

    **Supported values**

    - ``gpt``: GUID Partition Table (GPT) schema.
    - ``mbr``: Master Boot Record (MBR) schema.

>     - ``mbr,gpt``: Hybrid MBR/GPT schema, providing both partition tables simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Values**

    .. list-table::
        :header-rows: 1
        
        * - Value
          - Description
        * - ``gpt``
          - GUID Partition Table (GPT) schema.
        * - ``mbr``
          - Master Boot Record (MBR) schema.
        * - ``mbr,gpt``
          - Hybrid schema providing GPT and MBR partition tables simultaneously.
```
To normalize with with Kitbash output

    **Examples**

    .. code-block:: yaml

        schema: gpt

    .. code-block:: yaml

        schema: mbr

    .. code-block:: yaml

>         schema: mbr,gpt

Reviewer: I'm of the opinion that for enum values like this, we don't need an exhaustive list of examples. I'd be fine with just one here, but my feelings aren't too strong on this.

What do you think?

Author: Honestly for things like this I'd prefer no examples at all.

.. kitbash-field:: GPTStructureItem id
    :prepend-name: volumes.<volume-name>.structure.<partition>
    :override-description:
    :skip-examples:

    The partition's unique identifier.

>     This key is only supported on **GPT** and **hybrid MBR/GPT** schemas. The identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This key is only supported on GPT and hybrid MBR/GPT schemas. The identifier
```
Because of how Kitbash output is styled, emphasizing this text makes it hard to pick out the entry's structure. Similar constraints have been stated with plain text in the other apps' references. The text is austere enough that it's unlikely to be missed.

    must be a unique 32-digit hexadecimal number in the GPT UUID format.

    **Examples**

    .. code-block:: yaml

        id: "6F8C47A6-1C2D-4B35-8B1E-9DE3C4E9E3FF"

.. kitbash-field:: GPTStructureItem role
    :prepend-name: volumes.<volume-name>.structure.<partition>

.. kitbash-field:: GPTStructureItem structure_type
    :prepend-name: volumes.<volume-name>.structure.<partition>
    :override-type: str
    :override-description:
    :skip-examples:

    The type of the partition. Depending on the volume's partitioning schema, the value must be:

    - **GPT**: A standard GUID (e.g. ``C12A7328-F81F-11D2-BA4B-00A0C93EC93B`` for EFI).
    - **MBR**: A two-digit hexadecimal partition type code (e.g. ``0C`` for FAT32 or ``83`` for Linux).

>     - **Hybrid**: A hybrid type string expressed as ``<mbr-type>,<gpt-type>`` (e.g. ``0C,C12A7328-F81F-11D2-BA4B-00A0C93EC93B``).

Reviewer 2: I'd personally find it useful here to have links to definitive sources (Wikipedia?) for looking up arcane values like these. I defer to @jahn-junior what our docs convention is for third-party info in a reference like this.

Reviewer 2: As discussed, the GPT values are already listed elsewhere on this page. For the MBR values, which are not restricted to a small subset, we should link to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Partition_type

Reviewer: I'd create the links on 'GUID' (when we add support for others) and 'partition type code'. I'd also drop the examples in the list items themselves. I like the pattern established in the subsequent example blocks. It should be more than sufficient, especially since it's in the same fold.

.. kitbash-field:: GPTStructureItem partition_number
    :prepend-name: volumes.<volume-name>.structure.<partition>
    :override-description:
    :skip-examples:

>     (Optional) The partition number for this partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The partition number for this partition.
```
We don't traditionally state this in our project file references. The fact that it can be unset implies that it's optional.
